Simplify Pinned Build Scripts (#857)
AntelopeIO/leap: README.md

If you are in an Ubuntu docker container, omit `sudo` from all commands because you run as `root` by default. Most other docker containers also exclude `sudo`, especially Debian-family containers. If your shell prompt is a hash tag (`#`), omit `sudo`.

#### Pinned Build
Make sure you are in the root of the `leap` repo, then run the pinned build script. You have to give it three arguments in the following order:
1. A temporary folder, for all dependencies that need to be built from source.
1. A build folder, where the binaries you need to install will be built to.
1. The number of jobs or CPU cores/threads to use (note the [jobs flag](#step-3---build) warning above).

> > 🔒 You do not need to run this script with `sudo` or as root. On Debian-family operating systems such as Ubuntu, the script will determine if all package dependencies are installed and only invoke aptitude if you are missing packages. In that case, you may be prompted for your password if aptitude needs additional permissions from `sudo`. You should not run this script with `sudo` or as root because you do not need to.

Reviewer: It looks as though we call `apt-get` in the script, not `aptitude` or `apt` alone.

Author: Yes, `apt-get` is for scripts, `apt` is for humans. Changed.

For example, the following command runs the `pinned_build.sh` script, specifies a `deps` and `build` folder in the root of the Leap repo for the first two arguments, then builds the packages using all of your computer's CPU threads:
```bash
scripts/pinned_build.sh deps build "$(nproc)"
```

> If you want to by-pass the `[Y/n]` prompt from aptidue, you can pass `-y` to the script like this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to by-pass the `[Y/n]` prompt from apt-get, you can pass `-y` to the script like this.
```

Author: Changed.

```bash

> echo '-y' | scripts/pinned_build.sh deps build "$(nproc)"

Reviewer 2: Not sure how that works. `sudo` doesn't consume from stdin? I don't think `-y` is correct here anyways, from this test
```
echo -y | apt-get upgrade
Reading package lists... Done
Building dependency tree
Reading state information... Done
Calculating upgrade... Done
The following packages will be upgraded:
  base-files libgmp10 libgnutls30 libpam-modules libpam-modules-bin libpam-runtime libpam0g libpcre2-8-0
  libsystemd0 libudev1 login passwd perl-base tar zlib1g
15 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded.
Need to get 4893 kB of archives.
After this operation, 14.3 kB of additional disk space will be used.
Do you want to continue? [Y/n] Abort.
```

It seems like you may want to allow the user to pass `-y` as a script argument, and then forward that through to apt-get
